[Music]
Okay, let's see what Cocu does. Let's
see what Cocu does. I was already
telling you about the other day, they're making fun of him,
eh? But Cocu got a curling iron,
right? I mean, he didn't have curly hair
before, he didn't get a curling iron now
and he's got his hair curly. But Cocu is
always going to be funned, whenever they get
into these things of messing with others,
people have the quickest response to
give them, you know, with the trolls, the bots and
all that. This was a long time ago. They
did the first funa before
the figurines funa, before the D funa,
before everything, I mean, before the 3000
funas and all that, believe it or not,
because I'm Mister Funin. I have
a picture from an anime and I put this guy, he
put this can in him, he says Tommy, but
Kzu won the evening, I mean, he won the
funa. Tommy is literally going to say that.
Now I posted this click on Twitter
before, a while ago, since I posted this
click on Twitter, he literally
says it again, eh  I cut to two people Okay, go ahead
and test them Okay, go ahead, believe it or
burst. Come on, Aron, because I didn't participate
in the fight between Kun and Davo. And you know what
those scams do to me? They shield me, they
shield me because I'm still normal, I mean, I
still have the brand. I'm still
working yesterday, Pared invited me to the
house, yes, it's true, eh, I mean, there are
things that I don't understand because it depends on
who the scammer is, I mean, it depends on who it is, it does
n't matter
what, eh. It doesn't matter what you do, eh, it depends on who does it and I do
n't know the truth. It also depends on
how you take it because there are people who,
maybe for any nonsense,
start scamming you and the Twitter account gets closed.
When someone's
Twitter account is closed because of a scam, I
go a little crazy because it's like if you
want to look at what they're saying to you,
not what they're saying about you, then don't
go in and don't read it, no. Or act like
nothing happened, but closing the Twitter account
is, eh, the sign that you're affected, no,
and that you're recognizing your mistake, you
're not recognizing your  [ __ ] and you're
affected and what is that that it doesn't
reach you or or that no I don't know the truth I don't
understand the thing about closing the account I see it
as the worst of the options I mean if the if they
are deceiving you well the option
for me is very simple if it's true that you have
made the mistake then go out and
face it and assume it if you have not made the mistake
deny it but
instantly and that's it you understand They put
the account on you, you close the account what's the point of
that house Do you think that those
people who know you and that and that and who
talk to you think such crazy things
like the ones they say Of course I walk around every
day every day I don't know I
break a stranger who touches kids
in the pool I don't know when the video came out about
hitting old ladies and babies they
also tried to cancel me with that thing about
me saying if they hit an old man
that the old man should be killed I don't know they
want to break your balls they will
break your balls the thing is that there are
people there are people who can't handle the
pressure and other people who fight
it  or he surfs it as best he can I'm not telling you
that I was shielded there at the
time of the evening I was much more
susceptible because I felt like I was
going to another country and that I didn't know how they
might react because it's not the same
as in Argentina I walk down the
street as calmly as possible and nobody says
anything to you because nobody believes in the [ __ ] they
invent yes this I understand no I mean the
fact of going to another country where from the
other country they are defaming you really big you don't
know what you're going to find in
another country eh I mean that yes that is a
lot eh but people are a sens
haa talk talk and the conscience is
clear then there is the There is what
lets you sleep eh calmly you see
my problem is not in the the anxiety
that can come to generate in me that tomorrow
they invent something else because The more
things they invent the more they invalidate everything
before and the more absurd is the statement of
how this guy in all his environment does
not have a problem because I don't have it
and and and and all the people who don't know him
seem to hate him you understand That is another
thing that that is clear I  I go to an
event And it seems like everyone
loves me but V sees Twitter and it seems like
everyone hates me But this is because of the
numbers that they have because people are so
fake because it just doesn't make sense I mean yes yes
what czu did would have been
done by a person who has no
power okay because czu ultimately has
power eh now maybe he doesn't handle
as many numbers as he handled before but
koku was a kind of yb from Argentina I
mean coku to people who were starting to
sing they were made famous by the catapult
for example juaki for example to
María Becerra I also think eh I mean there were
a few there were a few So they
became famous because the first
pull Nicki Nicole for example I think
also eh I mean there were a few that
cocu hit them like the first you know
push and from there they continued climbing
obviously but but all the
famous Argentines know koku they
hang out with him they have a good vibe with
him of course so they simply don't
speak out there is no complaint there is no
girl who is going to report him there are no
precedents  penalties there is no jail And that That's how it is
eh I mean that's how it's going to be
Always I think Of course the majority of
streamers Well they pretend they don't know
the subject you know what I mean That's how it's
always going to be like that eh And I also understand it in part
eh Because I touch on many
topics of the elites of both the
Hollywood elites and the elites of and
of music no You know that on the
main channel we make many videos of
this like on TV itself or rather from here
in Spain here on TV itself in
Spain in the big
heart programs and so on they interview people who may have
committed a crime in
the past there are people on TV who have are
in jail you understand Eh well that's it you're going to
be in jail and and what
everyone has the right to
reintegrate you know That's the issue the
issue is that everyone has the right
to reintegrate So if the law gives you the
right to reintegrate who are the
others to not allow a person to
reintegrate into society No what's
happening of course the problem comes
when  you take eh You have not assumed the
errors you deny lies okay you deny
lies you deny things that are
proven in that same conduct Not
only have you had it there which is the
case of ccu no that that same conduct has been
had on many occasions no
Exactly about publishing a photo you
know but yes there are a lot of
filthy comments on filthy topics his
friends also the other day
a click that
I have of one of his friends was going viral again not like pissing
in the glass I don't know what story it was I don't
remember no that he was a friend of ccu and and
that's where the roll comes you know but
everyone has the right to
reintegrate into society So if
you have if the law gives you the right to
reintegrate to reintegrate that you are going to
condemn you know the problem is the
hypocrisies The problem is that if the
ccu had it a who am I telling you family
if the ccu had it a Pereira he would never
step foot in an event again not a [ __ ] joke or a
yes one like that that has been known but that does
n't have so much no no I'm telling you that the
ruine in life stays with his
community and with his followers because in the
end you're always going to have your community I
mean to me they can I think they can
call me whatever the [ __ ] they want
try against me whatever the [ __ ] they want
I'm always going to have my
community it has to be very complicated for it to
be the opposite but for
you to participate in other
people's sites and so on they have to accept you of
course So for example there it
depends on who you are and the power you
have you know a a a Pereira I can't
think of another let's see who's at the
evening for me the thing is simple deep
down everyone looks for a way to
disassociate themselves from coscu María Becerra did it
Nicki Nicole ducky to give an
example at the time when he was
being full funado
Because it was almost thought that IB and was
going to kick him out of the evening which by the
way ibai also never ended up
pronouncing himself dude How does the
YouTube algorithm work eh since we mentioned that the other
day I always get
related videos on the cover eh mm By
the way video on the main channel great
video on the channel  main 50
minute [ __ ] give it a go this evening
who's there Look if I
had the coscu thing So we're ready Look
masa maviru gre H alana Areli andoni if ​​this
andoni had that episode
andoni would go out without a doubt eh
perchita against Gapi well perchita
has very good contacts he would protect himself
a lot Pereira against rivaldo I don't know who
rivaldo is but Pereira If he had that
episode Pereira would go out of all the
events they wouldn't invite him anywhere you
understand I mean it depends on who your
rival is God it also depends on who it is that
matters you know Because it depends on who you are what you've
done will pass you by
more or not for example if the same
episode of cocu just like people
play deaf okay with the coku issue if
that same episode had it and andoni they would
n't play deaf at the moment ivai no
the events don't invite him that wouldn't be
there okay but it's not only that they didn't
invite him to the events but the
youtubers themselves don't collaborate with him
so as not to be singled out by other youtubers
also you it's a microclimate Yes
the choca wol told me it doesn't matter wol
if he had wol If he had that wescol If he
had seven episodes like coscu's
nothing would happen to him either and they would
invite him everywhere and such is the
power of Colombia wescol wescol is the one in
charge he's the ibai of Colombia for you to
go to Colombia you have to e you have to
take wescol with jh jh they kicked him out
of the elite they took him until
homophobic comments came out trust you
eh homophobic comments next to a
photograph with a girl or next to
the comments that wcol makes or next to
what wescol does wcol is not banned
jh Yes and you're not going to see j anymore you
almost never Twitter is the opposite of
real life if they hate you on Twitter
you're doing everything right in real life
and if they love you on Twitter you're probably
doing everything wrong in real life it's
understood it's it's a it's a pole put
me and I and I understood it and I thanked him
because  he told me on a microphone And I
was arriving at the
DJ Mario event totally scared
because I didn't know how it was going to be
received in Spain and if they were going to boo me,
never in my life did they boo me at an
event I was going to the Buenos Aires trap and I
had to enter the stage four times
to say still the artist is not there
and still and even then they didn't boo me
So I still uh without experiencing a
social failure So to speak real and you have to
leave the place yeah I mean I that
I But why do you get hooked on things
from the past What the [ __ ] Yeah but coscu I
hit my grandma how [ __ ] up
time puts everything in its place I study in
a place and I think it's not going to happen to me I
hope it doesn't happen to me when I arrive at the
DJ Mario event I was really
visiting Spain I was going to fight at the
evening what do I know and he was bullying IB
because of me they were making a
cause of a lot of things to me So I
arrived scared as soon as I got off the
microphone I take a picture I take  I
couldn't believe it you know how my
heart was shaking I mean my aunt sorry my
heart and let's relax she
didn't believe all the lies because Tell me
who you hang out with and I'll tell you who you are I mean uh the
person who said it was also
like the ultimate example of making up
[ __ ] so Dallas made it up uh
Dallas made it up uh for me that
was very healing because imagine feeling
that everything is going to go wrong for you and that
everything ends up going well for you and on top of that you
take the belt of the main fight of
that year that day I went I felt like God
without feeling more than anyone I felt like God I
won that fight and I didn't win it by
technique I won it because it was written
that way I had to win it in order to
move forward and realize that
all that you saw all that accumulation
of hate was an optical illusion you thought you
won the evening sir Mr. Ju but I
won the fight people here I'll leave you because I have to
prepare tomorrow's program
eh see you on Sunday okay Sunday we'll
see the  Sunday we watch the program
that I record tomorrow morning as soon as I
finish recording I'll take out the
headline I'll announce it on Twitter okay
rest handsome go watch the
main channel there are things there okay
come on bye handsome and thanks to everyone
thanks to everyone for all the
contributions you've given on all
the channels today crazy eh
goodbye Oh
[Music]